1. When you try to access a website, your web browser requests files from servers. The broswer engine communicates with the server and controls interactions between the user interface, the part of a website users can interact with, and the browser's rendering engine. The browser's rendering engine takes in CSS and HTML documents from the server and interprets their contents to display them on a web page. To do this, the rendering engine first makes a DOM tree and then, a rendering tree. JavaScript is used to make websites interactive. Browsers can't understand JavaScript, so each browser has a JavaScript interpreter as well.
2. DOM stands for Document Object Model, and it is an object representation of the HTML document. It is made by the browser's rendering engine after it reads the HTML document. The DOM tree is made up of DOM nodes, which are elements, such as images, text blocks, or buttons. The rendering engine ignores the CSS styling associated with these elements when making the DOM tree. A CSSOM tree contains all the style information. The DOM tree and the CSSOM tree are essentially combined to create a render tree.
3. HTML(Hypertext Markup Language) was the first internet language and is the standard markup language used for making webpages and web applications. HTML provides the basic structure and function needed to make a webpage. After that, other things can be added on to the page. XML(Extensible Markup Language) is a compliment to HTML. Instead of displaying document nodes like HTML does, XML describes document nodes. It's mainly used in Gmail because it allows certain elements to update without refreshing the entire page. XHTML(Extensible Hypertext Markup Language) is essentially the best of both worlds. It is useful for correcting issues with "bad" HTML on mobile devices that can't make the corrections themselves like computer web browsers can.
4. The four elements my HTML pages need are: the document type, the root element, the head element, and the body element.
5. The index.html page is basically your website's homepage, and when a browser is given a URL that doesn't specify a file, the browser automatically requests an index.html file. An index.html file is located in the root folder of a website.
6. The best naming practices are to not use spaces or unusual characters in your file/folder names. Other options to use for seperating words instead are camel casing, underscores, or dashes.
